# How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
To write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable, it’s important for code to be well organized, appropriately commented, and modularized.  Modularized, organized code makes it easier to test the code and identify where there are problems.  It also makes it easier to modify.  The CRUD Module from Project One contains functions for the most basic database queries that could be used to build a program to modify the database or add filters for other categories. 

# How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
Generally, I approach problems by breaking down any given requirements and figuring out the best way to address them, identifying and filling in any missing details.  I like to consider factors like effectiveness, efficiency, and adaptability.  My approach to this project was different than past assignments in other courses in that the challenges I faced were less logic oriented and more related to figuring out programs or frameworks that I haven’t used before.  For example, I learned how to construct queries in MongoDB and create charts and other visualizations using Dash.

# What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
Computer scientists do many things, like developing or improving programs that companies use to perform tasks and/or organize data.  In a case like Grazioso Salvare, a computer scientist could help them develop a program to add animals to their database, delete animals, change the animal information, look up information on specific animals, or search for certain categories on animals to do their job more efficiently.  In our project we also added visualization tools, which could also help them do their work better.
